.TH ol 1 "Dec 08, 2023"
.SH NAME
feather \- documentation generator for owl lisp
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B feather
.RI [ options ] " " [ path ] " ..."
.SH DESCRIPTION
Feather is a documentation generator for owl lisp.
It can be called with scheme and markdown source files, that it will
then convert to a single markdown file.
It extracts library names and exports along with the first long comment
(\fI#| doc\fR) that gets treated as the library's description.
It also extracts \fI(owl proof)\fR examples that can help understand the library.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-o <file>, \-\-output <file>
Set the output file (by default, it's manual.md)
.TP
.B \-t <text>, \-\-title <text>
Set the title (by default it's Owl Lisp \fIversion\fR).
.SH EXAMPLES
.B a simple library definition with all the possible documentation.
.EX
#| doc
Foo Bar Baz
\&
a great library for foobaring.
|#
\&
(define-library (owl foobar)
  (import
    (owl core)
    (owl equal)
    (owl proof))
  (export
    foo)
  (begin
    (define (foo v)
      (cond
        ((eqv? v 'bar) 'baz)
        (else 'bzzt)))
    (example
      (foo 'bar) = 'baz
      (foo 'notbar) = 'bzzt
      let x = 'brr
      (foo x) = 'bzzt)))
.EE
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ol (1),
.SH AUTHOR
.TP
Owl Lisp and Feather were written by Aki Helin <aki.helin@iki.fi>.
.TP
This manual page was written by Krzysztof Michałczyk <kpm@linux.pl>.
